feat: Document Workspace Building Blocks (#1015)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/administration.building-blocks.md

> meshStack supports Terraform up to version 1.5.5 and supports OpenTofu versions starting with 1.6.0.

> ### Building Block Types

Reviewer: Please use lower case spelling for building blocks etx

Author: This is a title. It should be upper case

> The first question you will be prompted is what type of Building Block Definition you want to create. There are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are
```

currently two options:

> - **Workspace Building Block**: This is a Building Block that is tied to just a workspace. It is globally available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Workspace Building Block**: This is a building block that is established under a workspace. It is globally available
```

>   to the entire workspace it was created in. We recommend using this if you have a service that needs to be globally

Reviewer: I think the second sentence in this row does not add any additional value as gloablly available and tied to workspace was already provided. I think it makes more sense to specify that this does not need a tenant

  available does not tie to a certain cloud tenant. For example, project tooling or a central identity service.
- **Tenant Building Block**: This is a Building Block that is tied to a tenant. It is only available to the tenant

>   it was created in. We recommend using this if you have a service that is tied to a certain cloud tenant. For example,

Reviewer: again the second sentence is repetitive. It would make sense to mention that when the tenant is deleted the building block needs to be deleted as well
